Restrict editing DagRun State in the old UI (#9612)
mistercrunch/Airflow: UPDATING.md

Now use NULL as default value for dag.description in dag table

### Restrict editing DagRun State in the old UI (Flask-admin based UI)

Before 1.10.11 it was possible to edit DagRun State in the `/admin/dagrun/` page
 to any text.

From Airflow 1.10.11, you would still be able to set from dropdown to a pre-defined option

>  but would not allow setting it to any text.

Author: I don't like the wording though, can you help me with that Ash?

I can include screenshots if that is more helpful

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before 1.10.11 it was possible to edit DagRun State in the `/admin/dagrun/` page
 to any text.

In Airflow 1.10.11+, the user can only choose the states from the list.
```
